[INTERNAL] Rework Documentation (#269)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/extensibility/CustomServerMiddleware.md

The UI5 Server Extensibility enables you to enhance the functionality of the UI5 Server. You may want to handle requests differently. For example add various headers to a response or parse data of a POST request in a specific way. For this you can plug custom middleware implementations into the internal [express](https://expressjs.com/) server of the UI5 Server module.

> The UI5 community already created many custom middleware packages to integrate into your project. They are often prefixed as `ui5-middleware-` to make them easily searchable in the [npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=ui5-middleware-).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI5 community already created many custom middleware packages which you can integrate into your project. They are often prefixed by `ui5-middleware-` to make them easily searchable in the [npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=ui5-middleware-).
```
